PhysicsNeMo-Mesh: improve cache handling APIs (#1867)
NVIDIA/physicsnemo: docs/api/mesh/core.rst

    mesh = mesh.compute_point_derivatives(keys="T", method="lsq")
    print(mesh.point_data["T_gradient"])  # shape (3, 2)

> Cache-aware functional updates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cache-Aware Functional Updates
```

------------------------------

Use the cache-aware replacement methods when creating a mesh that keeps the
same point or cell indexing. Each method returns a new ``Mesh`` with independent
``TensorDict`` containers while sharing their tensor leaves.

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Method
     - Intended change
     - Default cache policy
   * - :meth:`Mesh.with_data`
     - Replace point, cell, or global field data
     - Retain every geometry and topology cache
   * - :meth:`Mesh.with_points`
     - Replace coordinates without changing point indexing or connectivity

>      - Retain topology; clear geometry caches

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Retain topology and clear geometry caches
```

   * - :meth:`Mesh.with_cells`
     - Replace connectivity without changing cell indexing or simplex type
     - Clear every cache
   * - :meth:`Mesh.strip_caches`
     - Remove cached values without changing the mesh
     - Clear every cache

> The ``keep`` override accepts a top-level string such as ``"topology"``, one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``keep`` override accepts any of the following:
```

> nested-key tuple such as ``("cell", "areas")``, or a sequence of keys. Use a

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- A top-level string such as ``"topology"``
- A single nested-key tuple such as ``("cell", "areas")``
- A sequence of keys

```

> list when retaining multiple keys, for example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use a list when retaining multiple keys, for example
```

``["topology", ("cell", "areas")]``. Retaining a cache that depends on replaced

> geometry or connectivity is an expert operation; the caller is responsible for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
geometry or connectivity is an expert operation. You are responsible for the
```

> its validity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
validity of the retained cache.
```
